"What do you understand by Analytics?Did you ever hear the term Analytics?"
These are the exact questions put in front of an audience of 117 attendees along with 15 faculties of NSHM Knowledge Campus and members of Analytics Society of India,
Kolkata Chapter, by Professor Indranil Bose from IIM Ahmedabad in an auditorium of NSHM Knowledge Campus.

He explained the term "analytics" and "Digital Business" and how data science field has been important in digital business."Its a widely used term in the field of
Data Science, Mathematics and Statistics.Analytics is the process of discovering, interpreting, and communicating significant patterns in data.Quite simply, analytics 
helps us see insights and meaningful data that we might not otherwise detect. Business analytics focuses on using insights derived from data to make more informed 
decisions that will help organizations increase sales, reduce costs, and make other business improvements",he explained.

"Digital Business..Rings bells?",he asked the audience. "Well, Digitalization means transforming any business into a digital business using digital technologies. The main 
purpose of digitalization is to generate higher revenue and create new value-added opportunities. At present, many companies are in the process of digitization. Top 
businesses have already done this technique and are very successful in economic, financial, and customer satisfaction."

"Keeping up with the latest updates and facts regarding digitalization is very important for anyone who would want to start their own business or change their 
business into a digital one. Some of the most popular digital technologies are Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality,
Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Quantum Computing, Edge Computing, Blockchain, 5G, Internet of Things (IoT), etc."

Sir Bose intricately explained how Artificial Intelligence helped in digitalization and urged the young college students to gain interest in Data Science fields.
Later he asked if anyone had querries and he answered all of them patiently.A vote of thanks was followed by the Dean of NSHM Dr Krishnendu and Information Technology
department head Ma'am Suparna Dhar. "A very softspoken person Prof. Bose has inculcated a desire in the audience to know 
more about the field data Science",said with a smile by an attendee.
